yes we're here in heaven quiet and
quality but marvelous we're cooking
palak paneer no palak this spinach also
known as sack and paneer is cheese so
really really young cheese ours his
plaque pony with a difference because we
make the paneer the cheese bit very
crunchy in a large pan put about 2
tablespoons of ghee sweat down a couple
of onions whilst my friends sweating in
the corner I'm chopping some garlic and
ginger well they're beautiful
translucent your egos dress the gingers
cooked quite chunky on this one because
it's nice to get the bits in with a
spinach we using clearly Hall these are
really banging hot chilies because it's
the flavor that you want it for chili as
opposed to the heat now to the trusty
spice box a teaspoon of fenugreek
teaspoon salt a teaspoon of turmeric
ground coriander and some freshly ground
cumin a media viewer have a look in
there that's like a proper curry paste
now next step tom tours ding tom tours
at a tea spoon full of sugar and while
my chubby made history I'll get on and
prepare the cheese it's really really
good it's got more crunch than a brittle
twig panniers are funny cheese it's like
a cross between Lancashire cheese
cottage cheese and latex with a drumroll
from a Geordie drumming friend we create
the crunch semolina into this garam
masala if you like it spicy use more
garam masala there's enough liquid in
the paneer to enable the chruch courting
to stick so you don't need egg you don't
need flour or anything the semolina
gives us the crunch the garam masala
gives us a taste
that's perfect even Gary rules wouldn't
sniff at this look how that's come down
lovely look into your pan put some fresh
spinach is about half a kilo here and
about two tablespoons of water after
that put your lid back on and leave it
to wilt and just keep keep up and look
at it it's good it's getting there it's
wilting like a Geordie watching
Shakespeare yeah well sure it's lost get
the stick you see the thing is I choose
not to take the mick out with the
Cumbrian cuz there's so much you could
take the mick out of the combi ins with
so I've thought Nana will rise above it
now we see in fundamentally just for all
your viewers all these are really really
stupid and thick and they doin like
Shakespeare me more smartass remarks
about Jory's the Northeast nah no cause
if I had to start about Cumbria will be
here Aldi perfect so take it off the
heat and gently fold your paneer into it
to finish it off sharpen up a bit the
juice of half a lemon and lastly some
fresh coriander I was a bit cheeky I
kept that three pieces of paneer just to
put crispy on the top for garnish